In this video we are going to learn about J unit testing framework in Java.
What is g j unit is widely used testing framework along with Java programming language.
You can use this automation framework for both unit testing as well as your UI testing, selenium testing,
mobile application testing, API testing, any type of testing you can use this framework.
It help us to define the flow of execution of our code.
That means our test cases.
What are the things we want to do before this test case begins?
And so filter down activities that we want to do after our test execution.
So basically, to define this particular game and it helps us.
JAY And it is built on idea first testing and then coding.
That's why it helps us to increase our productivity in terms of writing our test cases.
So what it provides, it provides kind of annotations like we have seen right in override that is then
patient direct and then we write already.
So these are nothing but game and provides us multiple annotations.
To specify our species and therefore look, okay, so we know how to do it.
A mentoring job.
If you add annotation access to it, the method becomes your best guess.
Okay, so this is what I meant by testing framework.
Definitely.
We will get into more examples.
Example.
So what are the features of this gene?
Distinctive.
First of all, it is open source.
Yes.
It allows users to write and run test effectively.
It provides various types of patients to identify test methods.
Like I said, if you lose access, the method becomes the best case.
It's always different types of assertion.
So assertions are very important part of when we are executing our test, like we want to compare the
expected test results with what actually we are getting and we want to have the best solution that 30
to 30 folds and things like that.
So that's the position.
My thoughts are they had a provider in their third class of gene, which it also gives test that I'm
not running test effect gives it are not one of the best suited gives runners for test cases or some
classes we want to execute before our test.
It is very simple and hence it saves lots of time.
It provides a way to organize your test cases in the form of the suit.
It gives test cases results in simple and elegant way, and we can integrate different types of reports.
Also, reporting frameworks are also they're supported by Java and you reports extended so we can integrate
with the unit to get, you know, beautiful sets.
You can integrate your unit with the cleat under Studio, Malvern and Bridle.
Any types of things now like in Village.
So all these things we can integrate them into with Jane.
Now let us move to the example, but getting started with the example.
We need to add the gym with our language lives in our eclipse.
So let us run.
Let us learn how to do that.
So for this project, I want to add gene libraries.
What I will do is I click on this project.
I will go to the base part, click on Add libraries, select join it.
Jane.
It is the latest one here.
Finish.
City unified is the latest one said okay so yeah June five libraries were added to add eclipse so as
we added the Jane June five libraries now let us see how we can use Jane locations and create this.
So first Sam adding that particular.
That is my best guess.
One.
Public void.
Best case one.
This is America.
This is not here to test.
Now take it as a best case.
I am one.
I need to adhere to annotation at best and import the required.
Plus.
So now this automatically becomes my best guess.
But.
Okay.
So let's write the first case.
Now we will.
I want to add another method which I want to execute before each my best case.
So here I have this one.
Let us add another basket.
Is this is to.
Okay.
But each test case, I want to execute the method.
That is.
That I can call it as my setup method.
I want to do some kind of set up like logging before my best guess execution rate.
So for that, I will add this.
Before.
It's it has to execute before each and every test.
So for this, we will use annotation before test.
Add in G.
Okay.
And now I need to do some third action activities.
Also, after each test, maybe I have to log out after each of my test execution.
So I'm writing another method that is out there now.
And.
It should be executed the best for the suspension of this and Legal Aid and nationhood act after.
Let us import important.
This.
Actor.
Now I want to add so it doesn't matter which I want to run before the class execution.
So I want to open the browser specific browser, say Chrome browser, and I want to launch particular.
You are looking before even the execution of any setup method starts before this class execute.
I want to do certain actions.
Right.
That should be mine before class.
Midterm.
I want to do this before class.
So I tried.
Oh, I don't know.
Class.
Okay.
And I lose ambition before.
Plus.
Add the required imports.
And similarly, I want to create the class which I am going to use after the complete class execution.
So I'm learning them to the class.
And I was on location after Lassie.
Okay.
And the requirements.
That's it.
Okay.
This is how you can define the flow of your best execution plan.
You can have a number of cases.
You can have your set up method, which you want to run before each and every test method to run each
and every test before class and after class.
Now, let us run this and check how the execution happens here.
So.
But then, as you see here, differences.
Now, it's not a Java application.
So normally than learning the Java board, whenever we were executing the class, it was like running
as a Java application and the execution flow should start from main method.
But here for J unit it is not like that.
It will execute as the unit best and it will show you awesome field of assertions.
Like what best?
Now again in this.
As a g unit.
This.
Okay.
In the class in.
No.
So in this, if they mentioned before class, then the class method should be static.
Okay.
So let us make it a static method.
Like This is how you debug it.
That's why I'm writing this code in front of you so you understand what kind of error you'll get when
you write the code, right?
So now you can select the class from the little so that I click game and run this.
We chose Green Bull best cases that ran rate best case one tickets to.
And it passed ones we did not have added any assertion to it.
It also shows the floor of the execution here and in so we can see output also.
So first of all, before class get executed.
And lastly, after class, then before test or test case, one of the parties given before test were
discussed too.
And after this one too.
So exactly how we wanted the execution happened in this room.
So this is the purpose of AJ, you need three, right?
So this is the main purpose to define the floor of your execution.
Okay.
So try this example yourself.
Now let's move on to learning different types of assertions.
So, Jane.
This example for an assertion so that we use this kind of assertion statements.
There are multiple assertion statements because then you'll run your best case actual point perceived
as to compare the to what is expected and what we are actually getting.
So on that basis you can be cited that is is this passing or it is been so assert equals to uses to
imagine the objects if that equals assert same is to match if they are exactly the same assert not see
the string should not be seen.
I said not none.
It should spring, one should not be null.
I said no string five should be null.
Answer to that is variable one is less than variable two that is one is less than two.
If we is that so the test case will pass if it is assert equals.
So they need to equal the added at equals.
So let us that in this particular note this and see how the actions are executed.
Now then we can test case here.
You can say the assertion, you know, all sessions have passed.
So that's why you are seeing not just cases passing.
So instead of none here, I will assign no value.
Okay.
And I will run this particular best piece.
Now this.
This particular session will fail.
So the test case will also be right.
So try this example yourself.
Okay.
This is about.
This is about genital testing.
This is basics.
Actually, this is not completely complete about gene editing, but we have some more best configurations
on that.
But this is very important part to start with.
You can override the way start writing your test case.
So when you go through this video, you can start writing, you're creating a test area.
So something like this is and you can start taking in their direction, look like this is the manual
test case I'm having and now I can automate this, right?
So this is very important, fundamental fact before you start writing, actually you are still in human
error this.
Okay, so thank you for watching.
Let's move to the next month.